---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/tale-of-a-thousand/dev-stuff/blueprints/","dg-note-properties":{}}
---

This is the big blueprint, the story flow. Forget Incomplete ending ramifications 
This is the order:
Village, fields, docks, Mike Fight, Witch (dark forest, curse dimension), Mike returns, HQ, Super Fun Land, Wignus Tower, Mike Duo Fight (with wignus), Knox joust, Samuel, Sebastian (in caves), Poppy (beacon guardian, also cool character who tells you the origin of this world and a lotta lore), Jack (Samuel's brother. Btw neither of the two die yet), Mike Judgement (game gets harder). We're here

Next would be:
Mountain Antenna Quest (Lyze calls you about an antenna at the top of the mountain. If you place the last part you unlock TP. But you shouldn't scale the mountain yet, you don't have cold resistance. So you kinda pass through the border, and take a shortcut to LYZE HQ to get the part. The shortcut goes through the forest. But before you enter dark forest, Samuel and Jack fight together as duo fight), Sam&Jack, HQ (Salariem has the Antenna piece. He will give it to you if you do his quest. You must get a special herb and deliver it to Pike. It's in dark forest), Mary (guardian of the herb), Pike (poisoner. When defeated drops something Salariem needs.), Antenna (salariem gives you the last antenna part, LYZE gives you a warm suit and a jetpack), you return to the mountain and find the dark armour (details later), unlock TP, go to desert for 3rd beacon (this zone is very shaky and it's the only part of the story that's incomplete. From here on everything before the capital is shaky/tend to change), nuclear factory (and beacon), cyber city (huge, loads of stuff happens even if it's only 1 place. Densest place probably, or at least for lore. Before you exit cyber city (4th beacon was inside) and head for capital the cyber trio fight occurs). Here story would split. We continue with dark: you go to the city, find a super magical barrier made by Lampros himself that stops the "wielder" of The Tome. To proceed you need 95 souls, so you do one of the darkest actions in the game: TP to your village (game start) and redo the whole map hunting EVERY SINGLE SOUL. Once you do this, you lose TP (bc LYZE knows what you're doing and you lose all LYZE HQ privileges and most gadgets), then you go to the city. You kill the city's last guardian (Dani the Dragonrider, now female). Then you break the barrier. The city is empty/evacuated. Only the last guardians remain: Wignus, Alice, Your Father, Mike. And if you did math right, that sums up 99 souls (Dani is actually soul #95). I won't spoil what happens with the last one.
Any thoughts?